README.md, before:

# Foundational_Python
A hands-on Python learning repository demonstrating fundamental programming logic and project-based growth and learning.

## Projects

### Project 1: Adventure_Dungen
- **Description:** A fun mini-game where you explore, solve mysteries, fight a boss and secure treasure.
- **Skills learnt:** Program structure, state management, Creative and interactive programming, etc.
- **How to run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed.
  python Adventure_Dungen.py 

### Project 2: Mood_Tracker
- **Description:** Asks user about their mood and gives advices. Also asks user for a note and saves it.
- **Skills learnt:** File handling, data persistence, string formatting, CLI, etc.
- **How to run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.7 or higher** installed.

### Project 3: Arithmetic_Calculator
- **Description:** Calculates addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, exponents, Remainder and Square root. 
- **Skills learnt:** Conditional statements, Input handling, Error handling, Arithmatic operations, etc. 
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed.

### Project 4: Snake_Water_Gun
- **Description:** A game similar to Rock_Paper_Sissor and based on simple concept of:
  🐍 > 🌊 (Snake drinks water)
  🌊 > 🔫 (Water clogs the gun)
  🔫 > 🐍 (Gun shoots snake)
- **Skills learnt:** Conditional statements, Error handling, Input handling, problem solving, creative solution. 
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed 

### Project 5: BMI_Calculator
- **Description:** Calculates Body Mass Index (BMI) from user input and gives advice based on BMI values.  
- **Skills learnt:** Input handling, arithmetic operations, conditional statements, User Interaction, etc.
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed  

## Learning Journey
Through these projects, I practiced core Python concepts like loops, functions, conditionals, and techniques like File I/O, Error handling, and many more. Each project reflects my growth and understanding over time.

## Future Improvements
- Explore data structures and concepts like OOP, Decorators, Context managers and more in projects. 
- Add small automation scripts and beginner AI projects  
- Improve code readability, quality and modularity
- Explore on core concepts and topics of Computers, AI and Autonomous tech.

Commit message:

Update README with repository cloning instructions
Added instructions for cloning the repository.

README.md, after:

# Foundational_Python
A hands-on Python learning repository demonstrating fundamental programming logic and project-based growth and learning.

## Projects

### Project 1: Adventure_Dungen
- **Description:** A fun mini-game where you explore, solve mysteries, fight a boss and secure treasure.
- **Skills learnt:** Program structure, state management, Creative and interactive programming, etc.
- **How to run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed.
Clone or download this repository to your computer.
  

### Project 2: Mood_Tracker
- **Description:** Asks user about their mood and gives advices. Also asks user for a note and saves it.
- **Skills learnt:** File handling, data persistence, string formatting, CLI, etc.
- **How to run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.7 or higher** installed.

### Project 3: Arithmetic_Calculator
- **Description:** Calculates addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, exponents, Remainder and Square root. 
- **Skills learnt:** Conditional statements, Input handling, Error handling, Arithmatic operations, etc. 
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed.

### Project 4: Snake_Water_Gun
- **Description:** A game similar to Rock_Paper_Sissor and based on simple concept of:
  🐍 > 🌊 (Snake drinks water)
  🌊 > 🔫 (Water clogs the gun)
  🔫 > 🐍 (Gun shoots snake)
- **Skills learnt:** Conditional statements, Error handling, Input handling, problem solving, creative solution. 
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed 

### Project 5: BMI_Calculator
- **Description:** Calculates Body Mass Index (BMI) from user input and gives advice based on BMI values.  
- **Skills learnt:** Input handling, arithmetic operations, conditional statements, User Interaction, etc.
- **How to Run:** Make sure you have **Python 3.6 or higher** installed  

## Learning Journey
Through these projects, I practiced core Python concepts like loops, functions, conditionals, and techniques like File I/O, Error handling, and many more. Each project reflects my growth and understanding over time.

## Future Improvements
- Explore data structures and concepts like OOP, Decorators, Context managers and more in projects. 
- Add small automation scripts and beginner AI projects  
- Improve code readability, quality and modularity
- Explore on core concepts and topics of Computers, AI and Autonomous tech.
